Privacy Policy for SpeedX Racing 3D
Last updated: January 01, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when you use our apps.

We only use information about your mobile device and usage of the app in order to improve the user experience

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

The Application in question is SpeedX Racing 3D.

The Device is your mobile phone that you used to play the game.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of gameplay).

You means the individual using the game, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the game, as applicable.

Types of Data Collected

Usage Data:

Usage Data is collected automatically when playing the game.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), OS type, OSversion, how long you use the app, the time and date of gameplay, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the game by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

Use of Your Personal Data:

Mobile.RacingStudios does not retain any personal data of the user that is playing the game.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a short period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our apps, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

Disclosure of Your Data

Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Changes to this Privacy Policy:

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us:

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: mobile.racingstudios@gmail.com
